<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Acknowledgments</title>
    <body>
        <p>This implementation guide was developed with the support and sponsorship of the National EMS Information System (NEMSIS), directed by Clay Mann. NEMSIS is supported by
            the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Centers for Disease Control, and the Health Resources and Services Administration, as well as dozens of other
            government agencies, universities, and professional organizations. 
        </p>
        <p> Shakir Consulting was instrumental in the creation of the domain analysis model and constrained model that inform this specification. 
        </p>
        <p> The HL7 Patient Care, Emergency Care, and Clinical Interoperability Council working groups sponsored the project, but we also leaned heavily on the work done by HL7’s
            Structured Documents committee, as well as exemplary guides produced by other teams, most notably the Healthcare Associated Infections team. Special thanks go to Russ
            Hamm, Jerry Sable, Rob Hausam, Keith Boone, Dan Leonard, and Dan Vreeman. Sean Muir supported the implementation in Model- Driven Health Tools. 
        </p>
        <p> The work could not have been completed without the generous assistance of the support of the Regenstrief institute. 
        </p>
        <p>This document contains information from the following sources:</p>
        <p>&#169;2010 ANSI. This material may be copied without permission from ANSI only if and to the extent that the text is not altered in any fashion and ANSI’s copyright is
            clearly noted.</p>
        <p>SNOMED CT&#174; is the registered trademark of the International Health Terminology Standard Development Organization (IHTSDO). Implementers will need to acquire a
            (free) license to use SNOMED CT by agreeing to the UMLS Metathesaurus license, available from the National Library of Medicine (nlm.nih.gov).</p>
        <p>This material contains content from LOINC&#174; (http://loinc.org). The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright &#169; 1995-2010,
            Regenstrief Institute, Inc. and the Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC) Committee and available at no cost under the license at
            http://loinc.org/terms-of-use .</p>
        <p>The length-based body weight classification (67670-0) is based on values defined by General Electric’s Broselow-Luten system. Implementers will require a license to use
            this field.</p>
        <p>Certain materials contained in this Interoperability Specification are reproduced from Health Level Seven (HL7) HL7 Implementation Guide: CDA Release 2 – Continuity of
            Care Document (CCD), HL7 Implementation Guide for CDA Release 2: History and Physical (H&amp;P) Notes, HL7 Implementation Guide for CDA Release 2: Consult Notes, or HL7
            Implementation Guide for CDA Release 2: Operative Notes with permission of Health Level Seven, Inc. No part of the material may be copied or reproduced in any form
            outside of the Interoperability Specification documents, including an electronic retrieval system, or made available on the Internet without the prior written
            permission of Health Level Seven, Inc. Copies of standards included in this Interoperability Specification may be purchased from the Health Level Seven, Inc. Material
            drawn from these standards is credited where used.</p>
    </body>
</topic>